TITLE: Tripp Henderson, Bijective Infinite Resolution Space Filling Curve

PROBLEM DESCRIPTION:
A space filling curve acts as a one dimensional thread that weaves through every cell in a higher dimension. For example, 
some space filling curve could take the two dimensional coordinate (1,1) and describe it in one dimension as (2). The 
same curve could take the one dimensional coordinate (2) and describe it only as (1,1), therefore maintaining bijectivity. 
However, I do not know of any space filling curves that can describe any point on a plane with any resolution. A curve 
that can describe (1,1) may not necessarily have a one dimensional coordinate for (1.452,1⁄3). I intend on making a 
program that uses a 2D-1D space filling curve that has infinite resolution (i.e. can describe any rational two coordinates 
as one rational coordinate) while maintaining bijectivity, and exhibits this behavior to the user. In short, this program 
was an attempt give the user a unique single number for every 2D coordinate the user gives it, and whenever prompted will be able 
to return the same 2D coordinate when the user gives it the same single number.

HOWEVER - It did not get completed.  I chose something WAYYYY too ambitious.  The program successfully has a backbone. 
It has the structure to have a set of points that have 2D values that can be converted to 1D values and back bijectively, 
but only about half the functions for the process are defined.  The backbone of this entire concept is using a 
mathematical process that maps any value to an integer bijectively, and ALMOST all my funcitons for that process are 
defined in rationaliterator, but the core funciton wasn't completed.  If you try running it, you'll get something CLOSE 
to a list that has a bijective correlation between line number and value (from num and den).

PROGRAM DOCUMENTATION: This program builds with boost::multiprecision::cpp_int, a library for processing very high 
precision and size integers and rational fractions.  Each function has a fairly good description.  An iteration is just 
one instance of mapping from an integer to a rational value (fraction).  A rational is the value it maps to.  All of 
rationaliterator deals with that.  To test a function, please throw it into main.cpp and just follow the parameter 
description.

CLASS DESCRIPTION: The class is Point, which is literally a representation of a point on a 2D graph or a 1D number line.
In the case that SFML was used, having multiple point objects to track how they work in comparison to eachother would have
been beneficial.  Having Point as a class also meant intermediate variables for each object would help with the calculations.

LIST DATA STRUCTURE: I used vector.  It was extremely important.  It was the only efficient way to move rational fractions and 
cpp_int's between my file and different functions.  

FILE I/O: The file "iterationFile" is the back bone of the entire program. To have any mapping between 1D and 2D points, mapping
between integers and rational fractions through this file is required.  

REFLECTIONS: Honestly, my decision making was great.  I just wasn't on top of my work this semester.  I actually really like
the path I took when setting up this whole thing.  The number theory works in practice.  I just wish I learned how to do work faster,
it's the bane of me.


Listen.  It doesn't fulfill it's main function.  But it does a lot!  It properly uses classes and lists, properly uses const,
is well organized, and uses files correctly.  It just doesn't quite work.  But it was close!  Please consider some grace when grading.
I've done nothing but this project for the last 48 hours.  I've eaten once in the last 32 hours. I put my heart into this.
It just didn't work out.  Look at how it's set up.  It's clearly not inedequate because of a poor understanding of C++,
it's inadequate because of little time.
